BOYD: Previously on From...
[SCREAMS]
[UNNERVING MUSIC PLAYING]
That thing I carried inside me.
I still feel it.
[SHRIEKS]
Don't!
I connected with that thing.
I controlled it.
I may finally have a way
that I can fight back.
Her heart rate is
19 beats per minute.
That's impossible.
Fatima shouldn't even
be alive right now.
[MUSIC FADES]
[HEART RATE MONITOR BEEPING]
Do you want to stay here. Henry?
Yes. yes.
[UNNERVING MUSIC RESUMES]
You have to forcibly disconnect.
You have to eliminate
the anchor.
So the doctor wants me
to eliminate you
to kill you? No.
He's not real.
How could I.
even if I wanted to?
The dream is going to
provide you
with everything that you need.
You just need to accept
it isn't real.
But how can I do that?
[THUDS]
SOPHIA: Do you know
who I really am?
[MUSIC DARKENS]
ELGIN: The girl
in the background.
she looks just like you.
That's because it is me.
We are standing
right above the cavern
those bones are buried in.
You want to cut down the tree?
I want to pull it up
by the roots.
Once you pull out that tree.
it's like opening a window.
Talismans or not.
those things are coming inside.
Whoever's in that tunnel
is going to get slaughtered.
Once the bones are
out of the ground.
they'll keep the chamber safe.
And then we get them out
with the ladder
that they're putting together
at the. uh. diner.
The Bottle Tree.
are you pulling it down?
We need to make sure
that we can get our people
out of the tunnel safely.
No. you can't--
you can't do this.
You can't.
I'm going to stop you.
No!
Come--
No. no! I'm trying to help you!
BOYD: I know!
VICTOR: I'm trying to help!
It needs to be only me and Jade.
What?
We're the ones who failed
to save those children.
Look at the talisman.
Who do you think
those people are?
We only get to do this once.
And I think here. in this place.
the way that we do this matters.
They're in the chamber.
Let's get that truck
into position.
On the next signal we go.
JADE: [GRUNTS]
Oh. Jesus.
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
Jade.
CREATURE: You know. you really
shouldn't be doing that.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[TENSE MUSIC PLAYING]
JADE: No. no. Tabitha.
Hey. stay with me.
We're almost there.
Tabitha.
Here.
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
Come on.
Dad?
Just give 'em a moment. okay?
It's just they've been
down there a while.
BOYD: Just!
Okay.
All right.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
TABITHA: Oh. Jesus.
Don't think about what they are.
Just put them in the bag.
Okay.
You guys. come!
Get the rope ladder ready.
Okay. okay.
That chamber down there
becomes vulnerable
as soon as that tree
starts to give.
Okay.
What's plan B
if we can't pull the tree out?
There is no plan B.
[BONES CLATTER]
[MUSIC RISES]
We should signal them
to pull the tree.
Not yet.
Why?
Because the second
that rope ladder drops.
you need to be ready
to go up with the bones.
What do you mean?
What are you talking about?
The bones have to go up last.
They're the only thing
protecting the chamber
once the tree's out.
I lied.
There's nothing
protecting the chamber
once the tree's out.
These bones won't stop them
from coming in.
What? No. no. you told me--
If Boyd realized it wasn't safe.
he would've scrubbed
the whole thing.
I couldn't let that happen.
God damn it. Jade.
You need to finish this.
You need to break
this fucking cycle.
You go up the rope ladder
with both these bags.
I promise you.
I will slow them down
long enough for you to get out.
Jade. please don't do this.
JADE: Look...
No.
Your children deserve
to go home.
[BAG ZIPS]
[HEROIC MUSIC PLAYING]
Jade. No. No.
Jade. No. please don't do this.
Don't do this.
You know. I'm glad it was you.
If I had to spend
all those lifetimes
with anyone...
I'm glad it was you.
[STATIC BUZZES]
Hey. that's it. Start the truck.
Go.
Okay.
Let's go.
[DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING]
There has to be another way.
There isn't.
[ENGINE REVS]
[TREE ROOTS CRUNCHING]
Give it more!
We gotta get
that thing down now! Go!
[MUSIC DARKENS]
Oh. Jesus.
[ENGINE REVS]
Come on.
Here we go. Get ready.
Come on. Come on.
Come on.
It's nice.
All of us being together again.
[BREATHES HEAVILY]
[ENGINE REVS]
[GROANS]
[MUSIC FALLS]
TABITHA: They can't come
into the light. Jade.
They can't come into the light.
[ENGINE REVS]
BOYD: [YELLS]
Wait. Grab that ladder! Come on!
Let's go.
Go.
Hey!
[URGENT MUSIC PLAYING]
Tabitha!
Jade!
Tabitha! Jade!
You okay?
Jade.
Get that ladder down here!
Yeah. now.
Gimme that! Give it to me!
We're both getting outta here.
That's it.
Go.
Okay.
Go. Come on.
One step at a time.
Don't look down.
That's it.
BOYD: Keep climbing. Come on.
You got it. Tabitha.
You're almost there!
Keep climbing! Is it secure?
It's secure.
You got it? All right.
keep climbing. Come on.
[MUSIC RISES]
TABITHA: [YELPS]
Tabitha! Whoa.
Are you okay?
It's all right.
Oh. Jade.
No! Hey!
RANDALL: Shit!
You okay?
Tabitha!
Hey!
Jade!
What the...
[MUSIC FADES]
[UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING]
JADE: No. no. no. no. no.
TABITHA: Oh. my God.
What the fuck is happening?
Boyd?
I have no...
[MUSIC RISES]
Oh. no.
No. no. no. no. no.
Oh. my God.
[RUBBLE PATTERS]
[EARTHQUAKE RUMBLING]
TABITHA: Oh. my God! [SCREAMS]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
["QUE SERA. SERA" PLAYING]
♪ When I was just a little boy ♪
♪ I asked my father
What will I be? ♪
♪ Will I be handsome?
Will I be rich? ♪
♪ Here's what he said to me ♪
♪ Que sera. sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be. will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera. sera ♪
♪ What will be. will be ♪
♪ Now I have children
Of my own ♪
♪ They ask their father
What will I be? ♪
♪ Will I be pretty? ♪
♪ Will I be rich?
♪ I tell them tenderly ♪
♪ Que sera. sera ♪
♪ Whatever will be. will be ♪
♪ The future's not ours to see ♪
♪ Que sera. sera
♪ What will be. will be ♪
♪ Que sera. sera ♪
[SONG FADES]
[EARTHQUAKE RUMBLING]
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Let me out! Please!
Please! Please!
Okay. wait. just wait!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
No! No!
It's holding! It's holding!
We're safe here!
[SHOUTS]
What's happening?
I know. I know!
I told you
not to pull down the tree!
Why didn't you listen?
[RUBBLE CRUMBLES]
TABITHA: [SCREAMS]
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
Oh. Jesus.
Oh. no.
Oh. no. No. no. no.
Jade! Jade. over there!
Come on. Let's go.
JADE: Son of a bitch!
TABITHA: Go!
Come on. come on.
let's go! Let's go!
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
Tabitha! Jade!
CREATURE: [SHRIEKING]
PATTY: [GASPS]
We can't be out
in the open like this. man.
Tabitha!
I'm gonna need you to answer!
CREATURE: [SHRIEKING]
BOYD: Jade!
Tabitha.
I need you to talk to me.
Boyd. we gotta go.
Get the chain from the truck.
What?
I'm going down there.
You can't go down there.
Get the fucking chain!
No!
No. no. we need to go.
Please. we need to go now!
Boyd!
I am not losing them.
If we don't leave now.
we're gonna lose everybody.
[SHRIEKING]
Dad!
We gotta go. Boyd!
[SHRIEKING]
Dad?
BOYD: Fuck!
- Boyd!
- Dad!
Everybody
into the vehicles! Now!
We gotta go.
Go. go. go. come on!
Go! Let's go!
RANDALL: All right.
Randall. help me
get the chain off the truck!
BOYD: Come on. come on!
Get in the car!
ACOSTA: Let's go!
Get in the van! Now!
BOYD: Patty! Patty!
It's okay. it's okay.
It's okay. Patty. Patty. go!
Go!
[GUNSHOT]
[SCREAMS]
KRISTI: Boyd. come on!
[GUNSHOT]
ELLIS: Quick! Get in!
Let's go! Come on!
ACOSTA: Kristi! Let's go!
BOYD: Yeah. yeah.
Boyd!
It's okay. It's okay. Come on.
Boyd! No!
No. no. no. Go. go. go!
Let's get out of here. Go!
Come on.
TABITHA: Come on. Jade.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
TABITHA: Okay. go.
Hurry.
CREATURE: [SHRIEKING]
JADE: Keep going!
Oh. God.
CREATURE: [SHRIEKING]
Keep going. Keep going.
[SNARLS. SHRIEKS]
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
JADE: Go.
Go. go. go. go.
[GRUNTS]
JADE: Keep going.
Oh. my God.
No.
Jade.
JADE: No!
God damn it!
CREATURES: [SHRIEKING]
TABITHA: Oh. my God.
JADE: Fuck.
[SNARLS]
[RUBBLE CRUMBLES]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
PATTY: Hurry up. hurry up.
They're coming.
Hurry up. please!
Hurry up! Hurry up!
Boyd. you better
shut her the fuck up back there!
BOYD: Hey. look.
everybody. easy.
Okay? Take it easy.
Listen.
Take deep breaths. all right?
Take deep breaths.
You're gonna...
We're almost back to town.
We are--
It doesn't matter.
We made things worse.
We made this place angry.
Now we're going to be punished.
Just listen. Listen to me.
We're going to be fine.
You are a liar.
You promised we'd go home.
Patty.
I can't. I can't do this.
I don't want to be here anymore.
BAKTA: Look out!
Oh. what the fuck!
SARA: [SCREAMING]
[SNARLS]
What the fuck!
[SCREAMS]
I can't!
Hey. hey. you good?
No. no. no!
Patty!
What the fuck?
What the fuck
is wrong with you? Huh?
Are you fucking...
PATTY: [SOBBING]
BOYD: Don't you go
anywhere near this shit.
No!
BAKTA: It's okay.
Keep going!
ACOSTA: Okay. I'm going.
[SOBS]
Just sit down!
Keep going!
ACOSTA: Okay.
It's okay.
PATTY: [SOBBING]
Okay. we're okay. we're okay.
FATIMA: Look.
we need to do something.
MARIELLE: We need to wait.
And what happens
if they don't come back?
They're out there right now.
in the woods.
You wanna run outside
and get yourself killed?
Would that make you feel better?
How are you so calm?
I'm not.
Okay. but right now.
it is our job
to hold our shit together.
No. Fuck that.
Wait. Fatima. wait.
Stop. you are in no shape
to go out there right now.
Please!
What shape am I in?
You and Kristi have had me here
this whole time doing puzzles.
What's wrong with me?
What are you not telling me?
God. why won't you...
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
MARIELLE: Fatima?
Oh. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no. no.
Hey. what's going on?
MARIELLE: Fatima?
He's coming.
That thing I gave birth to.
It's coming to the clinic.
It's okay. We're okay.
He can't get inside. We have...
Oh. shit.
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
Where's the talisman?
The quake must have
knocked it off the wall.
Where the fuck
is the talisman? Where is...
Marielle!
There!
FATIMA: Okay. get it. Get it.
No.
Marielle!
Come on. Come on.
Hurry!
Come on. [GROANS]
Hurry up!
Marielle! Marielle!
MARIELLE: Got it.
FATIMA: [SCREAMS]
Come on! In here!
Here. hang the talisman
with this! Hurry!
[MUSIC RISES]
FATIMA: [SCREAMS]
Mother.
[PANTS]
Get the fuck out!
Stop!
[GASPS]
[SHRIEKS]
Interesting.
MARIELLE: [PANTING]
Stay away from me!
No. please.
I'm not going to hurt you.
Tell me how to help you.
I'm okay.
I'll be fine.
FATIMA: Okay. Here.
Marielle. what do I do?
Tell me what to do.
Where's Kristi?
I need to see Kristi.
I know. I know.
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
No. wait.
No. what's that?
No fucking way.
No. go.
ELLIS: Oh. shit.
ELLIS: Shit. shit. shit.
Okay. come on.
Go!
Everyone inside!
No!
Inside!
No. no. no. no. no. no!
Go!
Mari!
FATIMA: In here!
[BREATHES SHAKILY]
Baby. hey. Baby.
[WEAKLY] I'm sorry.
You don't have to be sorry.
You're gonna be okay. okay?
Hey. what do you need?
My bag. It's in the lobby.
Okay.
I need you
to stay with me. okay?
It's bad.
Kristi.
KRISTI: Shh. shh. shh.
I don't wanna go--
Shh. shh. shh.
Hey. hey.
just focus on me. okay?
Just focus on me.
I love you so much.
Mari. please.
Will you kiss me goodbye?
Please?
I need to
kiss you goodbye. please.
[SOBS SOFTLY]
[SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING]
No.
[SOBS]
No. I love you.
I love you.
I love you. [SOBS]
[MUSIC FADES]
Elgin. do you understand
what I'm offering you?
It's a chance to go home.
To leave all of this behind you.
Just like I did for Clara.
Pretty soon this would
all feel like a bad dream
that fades a little more
with each passing day.
And all you would have to do
is help me.
Elgin.
I understand.
SOPHIA: And?
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
Don't look at her. look at me.
[MENACING MUSIC PLAYING]
Do you know
why it's dark outside?
It's because
we're getting close to the end.
It gets very messy at the end.
I'm trying
to spare you from that.
Elgin.
Honestly.
Where do you think you're going?
There's nowhere for you to hide.
Give me your hands.
Don't make me say it twice.
I'm gonna ask you one last time.
Would you like to
accept my bargain?
Precious Blood. Word of God.
You are my eternal salvation.
Lost in sin. You liberated me...
[SIGHS]
You people and your prayers.
Treasure my feeble soul.
I-- [CHOKES]
[MUSIC INTENSIFIES]
[GROANS]
[GRUNTING]
[YELPS]
[SCREAMS]
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[WHISPERS] Oh. look.
the sun's back.
Get rid of the body.
How?
It's not my problem.
What happens next?
Now I light the match
and I watch it burn.
I'll see you soon. Clara.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
You okay. Henry?
It turned dark
in the middle of the day.
Yeah. um...
That's new.
[SCOFFS]
This can't be real.
How can this be real?
Henry.
I think you need to go down
to the sheriff's station.
check on Victor.
Make sure he's all right.
Yeah.
I'm just gonna. uh...
straighten up here
a bit first and...
Want any help?
I think I can manage.
Okay.
Just let me know
if you need anything.
Yeah.
Donna?
Yeah?
[INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING]
Why does Victor have bullets?
Oh. he used to carry
around a gun in his lunchbox.
Boyd took it away.
And where is it now?
Down at the sheriff's station.
I imagine.
[EXHALES]
Once you accept
that it's a dream.
the dream is going
to provide you
with everything that you need.
DONNA: Henry?
Henry?
Go see your son.
Yeah.
DONNA: Okay?
Yeah. sure.
[MUSIC DARKENS]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
RANDALL: Where's everybody else?
They went up to Colony House.
Just came back to make sure
you all got here okay.
What happened?
Marielle tried to defend me.
but he just...
And then what?
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
ELLIS: Fatima.
He left.
He just smiled at me
and he left.
[DOOR CLOSES]
[BREATHES SHAKILY]
You okay?
Where's Kristi?
She... She's in the...
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
BOYD: Kristi?
BOYD: Kristi.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
I...
Hey. Kristi.
KRISTI: [SOBBING SOFTLY]
BOYD: Okay. okay.
[SOBS] I don't...
Okay. Okay.
[SOBS]
Okay. You're gonna be okay.
I'm right here.
I'm right here. I'm right here.
[SOBS]
I'm right here.
Okay.
[WAILS]
[MUFFLED SOBBING]
[EXPLOSION]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[LIGHTNING CRACKING]
Jesus.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[LIGHTNING CRACKING]
[THUNDER BOOMING]
What the fuck did we do?
[INDISTINCT CHATTER]
They're back!
No. no. no! Stay on the porch.
Get her inside.
Where's Tabitha?
It's all right.
We didn't get it.
If they're even alive.
I don't know where they are.
Where's Mom?
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
Julie?
I don't know.
Ethan! Ethan? Please!
[MUSIC FADES]
[HAUNTING MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC RISES]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
Boyd?
Kenny?
Victor?
[OBJECTS CLATTER]
HENRY: [BREATHING HEAVILY]
[DRAWER SQUEAKS]
- KENNY: Henry.
- Hey.
Did you need something?
No. I was just. uh.
looking for Victor.
Did you see the lightning?
Yeah. It was kinda hard to miss.
I gotta go. Sorry. See ya.
[DOOR OPENS]
[BREATHES SHAKILY]
She's not coming back. is she?
Ethan.
Your mom and Jade
were still in the--
[DOORS THUDDING]
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
It's happening again!
It's okay.
[GASPS]
[SCREAMS]
DONNA: Go. go. go. go!
JULIE: Ethan.
Go. Ethan!
[MUSIC FALLS]
Ethan. stop.
No.
Mom promised she'd come back.
She promised.
I know. I know.
She said
she was going to get us home.
And now she's gone.
And Dad's gone.
And soon you'll be gone.
No. No. No.
[SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]
Everyone here is going to die.
And I'm going to be here alone.
But I can't--
No.
I don't want to.
You are not going to be alone.
You will never be alone. Ethan.
You're lying.
That's what she said.
I can't--
JULIE: Listen to me.
Listen. we are gonna look out
for each other. okay?
You and me. we're gonna
take care of each other.
How?
I don't know.
But we're gonna
figure it out together.
Okay?
Okay.
Okay. come here.
ETHAN: [SOBS]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
Hey.
Not the kind of day
we hoped for. was it?
Victor was right.
We never should have
pulled that tree.
So what are we gonna do now?
BOYD: I don't know.
Boyd?
[DOOR CLOSES]
We need to go back.
BOYD: What?
The bones are still down there.
Look. we can't.
No. no. no.
You told people that those bones
were the key
to getting us out of here.
We can't just stop now.
We have to go back and get them.
And do what?
What?
BOYD: Even if we had them.
we don't know how to use them.
The only people who knew
anything about them went down
into those tunnels
and they didn't come out.
This place got exactly
what it fucking wanted.
Is there any chance
they survived?
How. Kenny?
There's one exit
out of that chamber.
One.
If they were alive--
God damn it!
If they were alive.
they'd be here right now.
No. we can't just give up.
All right. then tell me
how to move forward. okay?
Please. anybody.
Tell me.
We just made the sun go down.
We fucking tore a hole
in the goddamn sky
with lightning.
Who the fuck even knows
what that means?
So what are we supposed to do
that could possibly make
anything better?
Boyd.
[STATIC CRACKLES]
We lost three people today.
Boyd.
I'm not going back down.
SARA: Boyd. stop!
What?
Listen.
[STATIC CRACKLES]
Are you...
[CURIOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
What the--
[STATIC CRACKLES. BUZZES]
BOYD: Shit.
You see that?
[STATIC CRACKLES. BUZZES]
Come on.
[STATIC CRACKLES]
[MUSIC FADES]
JADE: [GROANING] Fuck!
Fuck.
That's it. The battery's dead.
Do you think it went through?
[SIGHS]
Even if it did.
they'd still have to find us.
[SIGHS]
I am so sorry.
I never should have...
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Don't give up.
Do you understand?
We're not dying here.
[SIGHS]
[GRUNTS]
JADE: It won't break.
But we can dig.
We dig until we get under them.
It's worth a shot.
[GRUNTS] All right.
TABITHA: What you did
back there.
what you're willing to do.
I just want to say thank you.
Well. you know what they say.
Women and children first.
You're welcome.
[BOTH GRUNT]
Here we go.
Okay. come on.
Down. Watch your step.
Easy now.
Yeah.
Are you gonna be okay?
Yeah. I'll be fine.
All right.
Yeah. yeah.
I'm gonna head down
with her to the church.
Anything you need.
you understand?
Yeah.
Come.
ELLIS: Why?
Come. come.
We got a signal.
What?
FATIMA: What?
Yep.
From Tabitha and Jade's radio.
So they're alive.
We're going back to find out.
You're going to the tunnels?
Yeah.
All right. I'm coming with you.
I'm going by myself.
I'm not risking
anybody else's life today.
No. Dad. what if they're hurt?
I mean. how are you gonna
carry both of them by yourself?
I'll figure it out.
Are you sure that signal
even came from Jade and Tabitha?
ELLIS: Exactly. Look. I mean.
these things are smart.
Dad. okay?
What if they're just trying
to bait you out there?
I'm going with you.
We're both going.
All right.
let's just everybody--
FATIMA: No. Boyd.
I can feel them
when they're close.
What?
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
I knew that thing
was coming to the clinic.
FATIMA: I sensed it
before we saw it.
If I'm down there with you.
then maybe I can warn you.
[MUSIC FADES]
[UNNERVING MUSIC PLAYING]
Hello?
Is anyone here?
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
VICTOR: Dad?
Are you in there?
Yeah.
Hey.
Today was scary.
Yes.
VICTOR: Nothing like that
ever happened before.
Why are you sitting
in here all alone?
Just thinking.
Did I do something wrong?
What?
You were different before.
You were happy.
We dragged a bed in here
so that we could be roommates.
Yeah.
And then I...
I told you
about the man in yellow.
I showed you
that picture and I...
I ruined it.
HENRY: No.
Son. you...
you didn't ruin it.
[EXHALES]
The problem is...
it was never real.
[SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING]
Why do you have that?
I've seen what's real. Victor.
And I need to go back.
You begged me
to come back.
You have a son.
Victor. you were happy.
Dad.
Don't. Dad. something
here has lied to you.
I've been lying to myself...
Dad.
HENRY: ...all these years.
Dad. please.
It's time to stop.
I'm so sorry.
ETHAN: Victor!
[MUSIC RISES]
No!
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
HENRY: [GASPING]
Why are you doing this?
[YELLS]
You said that we'd be okay.
You said
that you would protect me.
[GRAVE MUSIC PLAYING]
Why did you come here
and do this?
I'm sorry.
Why?
[DISCONCERTING MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC RISES]
Did you get them?
Good girl.
[MUSIC FADES]
BOYD: Okay.
All right.
So how does this work?
[HESITATES] I'm not sure.
It's a little different
every time.
Okay. Well. let's just
all stay close together.
If anything goes wrong
down there. anything.
you two run.
You understand me?
No questions. no arguments.
Promise me.
Promise.
You?
Okay.
Hey.
All right.
[FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING]
JADE: [GRUNTS]
TABITHA: [BREATHES HEAVILY]
Fuck. We can't do this
with our hands.
We need those goddamn shovels.
We use the bones.
What?
Yeah. to dig.
We can use the bones.
If we don't move these bars.
we're gonna die here.
[MUSIC FADES]
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
Stop. Stop.
CREATURE:
[SHRIEKING IN DISTANCE]
[INHALES DEEPLY]
All right. Come on.
It's hard to believe
this is real.
These bones
were actually children once.
And that we were--
I know. I know.
I know.
[BONE SCRAPES]
JADE: [GRUNTS]
[TENDER MUSIC PLAYING]
[INHALES SHARPLY]
This was her.
CREATURES:
[SHRIEKING IN DISTANCE]
Oh. fuck.
CREATURES:
[SHRIEKING IN DISTANCE]
They know where they are.
What?
Creatures.
They know
where Jade and Tabitha are.
We need to hurry.
Come on.
JADE: Fuck this.
We need to get
the fuck out of here.
TABITHA: Jade. wait!
[GRUNTS]
You fucking piece of shit.
Fuck!
[THUDDING]
You hear that?
JADE: Fuck you! You fucking--
BOYD: Wait. Hey!
JADE: I'm not gonna fucking
die down here!
You fucking piece of shit!
BOYD: Jade!
JADE: Boyd?
BOYD: Hey!
Boyd! Thank Jesus! Oh!
Come on.
BOYD: [GRUNTS]
CREATURES: [SHRIEKING]
FATIMA: They're getting close.
Help me out. Boyd.
Help me out. Come on.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING]
[GRUNTS]
FATIMA: Boyd!
Hey. go to the back of the cell.
Move. move.
ELLIS: Yeah. Yeah.
BOYD: All right.
Hey. Okay. Come on.
[GRUNTS]
TABITHA: Okay.
BOYD: Come on.
TABITHA: Here. take it.
Give it. give it.
Take the bones.
BOYD: Easy. Here we go.
There you go. There you go.
Take this.
Jade.
BOYD: No. easy. Okay.
JADE: Okay.
That's it.
TABITHA: Give me. give me.
BOYD: Come on. Come on.
They're here.
CREATURES: [SHRIEKING]
You have to go.
What?
CREATURES: [SHRIEKING]
I can buy you time.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
Remember who I was.
CREATURES: [SHRIEKING]
[CLICKING]
No.
[SHRIEKS]
Go. Go!
No. wait. Wait.
Hey. I said. let's go!
Dad. no! I can't! Please!
[SHRIEKS]
ELLIS: Fatima. no!
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
Oh. look at you.
All grown up.
[DISCONCERTING MUSIC PLAYING]
They have the bones.
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
But the Bottle Tree is gone.
BOY IN WHITE:
You're going to lose this time.
I've always admired
your optimism.
I guess we'll see.
[MUSIC FADES]
[CLOSING THEME PLAYING]
[MUSIC CONCLUDES]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm